The room sits in shocked silence after hearing the report. You look around at
the faces. Goliss is sitting next to you, a grim look on her face, but the
rest of the committee are strangers to you. They are all of the big wigs from
the Mars Health Organization.

After Williams' confession of people dying at his station, the MHO had stepped
in and started asking questions and taking samples and making his life
miserable. The result, that they had just now reported, was that nearly all of
Boston's mining robots had some sort of biological contamination on the
outside shell. And it wasn't just random sludge, it was a nasty
bacteria. Deadly to humans.

Once this was discovered a hazmat encased team descended on the robots and
collected hundreds of thousands of samples. In their labs they were able to
generate DNA sequences.

A large and hairy man stands up. "Now the real work begins." Jim Creek is the
chief scientist for MHO. He continues. "We have the DNA sequences for all of
the dangerous bacteria in our database. As expected, all of the strands are
different. These bacteria evolve and mutate at an incredible rate. However, we
believe that if we can find common gene sequences between all of these, then
we can engineer an antibiotic to counteract their effect on people."

Nods of understanding come from the majority of those sitting at the table.

"But that's the problem," Jim says. "We literally have one hundred thousand
strands of DNA. It will take us many months of tedious labor to manually find
the gene subsequences." At this he looks directly at Goliss.

"Assistant Director Goliss, I understand that you have a highly skilled
programmer that might be able to help us here." He shifts his gaze to you. "Is
that you?"

You nod and smile in acknowledgement.

"Good! So do you understand the problem? Can you help?"

Before you can say anything Goliss jumps in. "Mister Creek, yes, this is my
programmer. I'm sure that we will do everything we can to help but this
problem might be a little too hard for us. We can't commit to it just
yet. Please send us the database and we'll look at it and get back to you."

Jim glares at Goliss for a moment and then softens his look. "Of course, I
understand. This is a difficult problem. But it is also urgent and
important. We need to find those subsequences. Every day, and I mean every
day, that we don't have a solution for this problem, people are dying. Please,
work on this as quickly as you can." Jim looks like he's about to pound his
fist on the table but then stops himself.

"Yes Mister Creek, we will do our best."

She ushers you out of the room. When you two are by yourselves she says, "I
hope you can do this. As soon as I get the database I'll send it to you and
then I need you to work on it. Can you?"

"No problem," you reply. "I've recently been learning a new programming
language, it's called Java, and this problem should be a peice of cake with
that new language." You start to explain some of the details of Java but then
she stops you. "You see? This is why I am so glad to have you. I have no idea
what you're talking about, but I know that you do. I'll send you the data as
soon as I get it. For now, I need to head down to Alabama to work out some
issues they are having."

She leads you to a transport and you head back to your office.
